truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_1.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_10.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_11.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_12.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_13.txt
deceptive negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_14.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_15.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_16.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_17.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_18.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_19.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_2.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_20.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_3.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_4.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_5.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_6.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_7.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_8.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_homewood_9.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_1.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_10.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_11.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_12.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_13.txt
deceptive negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_14.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_15.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_16.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_17.txt
truthful negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_18.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_19.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_2.txt
deceptive negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_20.txt
truthful negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_3.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_4.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_5.txt
truthful negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_6.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_7.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_8.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_knickerbocker_9.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_1.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_10.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_11.txt
deceptive negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_12.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_13.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_14.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_15.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_16.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_17.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_18.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_19.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_2.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_20.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_3.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_4.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_5.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_6.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_7.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_8.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_sheraton_9.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_1.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_10.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_11.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_12.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_13.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_14.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_15.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_16.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_17.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_18.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_19.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_2.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_20.txt
deceptive positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_3.txt
truthful negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_4.txt
truthful negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_5.txt
truthful negative_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_6.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_7.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_8.txt
truthful positive_polarity ./op_spam_test/t_swissotel_9.txt
